Flippant; a Dice Game

PLAYERS :
  For 2 to Too Many players

DICE :
  Each player starts with a set of seven dice; traditionally 1d4 , 1d6 , 1d8 , 1d10 , 1d12 , 1d20 plus 1dx
  'twin' of the standard six, but alternately any set of seven dice, chosen by the player before each new game. 

ROUNDS :
  Each game has three rounds; in each round all players select and roll two of the dice
  remaining in their set. Scoring depends on the dice selected, and the current state of the
  game. If, after the third round, any players are tied, play proceeds with tie-breaker
  rounds.

  Rounds 1-3 : 
    Each player picks two dice from their unused set, and rolls. Scoring varies
    based on dice selected, and then both dice are discarded.

  Scoring, unmatched dice : 
    Difference between die (more sides - fewer sides)
      Positive : Add difference to cumulative score
      Zero (Match) : Return one die from discard pile (or retain one from this roll)
      Negative : Add difference to cumulative score. Flip game scoring high/low score wins.

  Scoring, matched "Twin" dice :
    Count State : Add 2x difference between dice to cumulative score.
    Flip State : Add 1/2x difference (rounded down) to cumulative score.
      *Twin dice cannot flip state
      **Matching roll adds zero to score, return one die from discard pile

  Tie-Breaker Rounds : 
    If two or more players have the same score after three rounds,
    those players select one die from their remaining set to roll. Game state from Round 3
    still applies, so highest roll for Count or lowest roll for Flip wins. If two or more players roll
    the winning number, other players are eliminated, and remaining players roll again until
    they are eliminated, or only one player remains. The remaining player wins the game.

STATES :
  Games begin in the Count state, and flip between states if an odd number of players roll
  a Flip condition during the current round.
    Count : The highest cumulative score after three rounds wins
    Flip : The lowest cumulative score after three rounds wins
